hey I was going wrong this is the enemy
man so a while ago I made a video that
shined a light on the upcoming attack on
Titan live-action film that Japan is
making at the moment it technically
there's going to be two films because
the film is going to be split into two
but the trailer would kind of went viral
on YouTube and it's been a huge talk
especially for attack on Titan fan
centers the anime community in general
however we also received a group piece
of news that the most beloved character
in the attack contain franchise
Levi's isn't gonna be in the film on
that day attack on Titan fangirls
received a grim reminder now naturally
this outraged a lot of attack on Titan
fans I mean he is literally the the most
loved anime character from not only
attack on Titan but one of the most
popular anime characters of the recent
years and recently the film's
screenwriter Mohammed emotional let out
the reasons as to why he decided to cut
out Levi from the film and might I just
add the reasons a pretty bullshit first
of all the live-action attack on Titan
film is not going to focus on Levi so
much as it's going to focus on the
relationship between Eren and Mikasa and
not only that but a lot of fans
especially Japanese fans were kind of
against the idea of Japanese actors
playing German characters if you guys
don't know a tackle Titan is based on
German characters if you didn't already
guess from the German are names that
they have sure German characters
speaking Japanese might be fine in a
manga or an anim context but when it
comes to real people like actual
Japanese people acting as German people
a lot of people thought it's gonna be a
little bit weird not only that but the
film is going to be shot not in Germany
but in a small remote island of Japan
called Gungan Jima thus putting those
three points together my Chema concluded
that they're gonna have to change the
setting from a German world with German
characters to a Japanese world with
Japanese characters and thus because
they decided to change the setting from
Germany to the Japan new issues came up
especially with the idea that they
wanted to make the story more believable
I mean
I don't understand why they wanted to
make the film more believable since it's
you know fiction and thus since
technically all the characters in attack
on Titan are German they have German
names and if they want to change the
setting to Japanese it would be kind of
weird for a bunch of Japanese people to
have German names and the best issue was
Levi's name now this is a kind of little
bit of a Japanese 101 as well but in
Japanese it is very uncommon to see a V
sound in anything and if you Riley
buyers name in katakana as it is written
in the original manga that second
character there is hardly ever seen in
Japanese because it is a sound that is
usually not said in Japanese and rumor
has it that they were actually thinking
about changing all the characters names
to Japanese names instead of German
names but they thought that would be
going away from the source material too
much and so instead they decided to just
kind of fuck the hard parts and just get
rid of Levi altogether
so in conclusion Levi is not going to be
in the attack on Titan live-action film
because his name is too hard to
pronounce are you fucking kidding me
we know that this is fiction you don't
have to make this story believable and
you don't have to change the setting to
Japan like seriously I had absolutely no
problems with Japanese actors acting out
supposedly German characters because in
the original manga and the anime they're
already speaking Japanese anyway they're
not speaking German so if you kind of
look at it if you just ignore the fact
that their names a German they're pretty
much Japanese characters and we know
that this is a Japanese film so
naturally they got Japanese actors right
it's not like the Japanese film creators
are going to bring German actors into it
just to keep the kind of you know pure
form of the story and make it more quite
a quite believable like we don't give a
shit if Levi's name is hard to pronounce
for the Japanese like we know it's hard
to pronounce
but that hasn't stopped attack on titan
fans on for loving one of the most
beloved anime characters of not only the
series but of recent years in general
like just because you're shooting the
film in Gunkanjima doesn't mean you have
to change the setting to Japan I mean
that's what special effects are for if
you create a setting that's good enough
you can easily fool people into thinking
that you're actually shooting in Germany
like this is the fucking 21st century
guys like I think they have enough CG
skills and the technology to make the
surrounding of Gunkanjima look like the
setting of Germany aka the setting of
the original attack on Titan series like
I can't believe they're prioritizing the
setting and the actors rather than the
original story of the source material
like what I mean you know I'm ranting on
about this film and the fact that Levi
isn't going to be there but I'm still
probably going to end up having to watch
the movie because I'm just gonna be
interested to see how different it is
gonna be from the original source
material like I have no problem with
movies going off the original source
material to some extent but I mean the
trailer was pretty good looking and this
might actually be a kind of decent film
but we never know until we watch it so
I'm just sad that Levi isn't gonna be
there that I mean he is my favorite
character too and it sucks that he's not
going to be there I really can't imagine
you know a story without Levi hey guys
guys tell me what you think in the
comments below like do you think these
reasons I kind of bullshit or do you
think that the screenwriters have
justified the reasons as the while Levi
isn't going to be in the film also when
the film does come out are you going to
watch it are you not gonna watch it do
you like attack on Titan or do you
dislike attack on Titan I want you guys
let me know all that kind of stuff in
the comments below
you know stays watching guys as always
like febc enjoyed subscribe from our air
banter see you guys next video or
whatever are they putting enemy channa
you